chore: generated CHANGELOG for origin/release/v53.8.0 (#3705)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 53.8.0 - December 16, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

- Enable use of anonymous Apex execution codelens ([PR #3688](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3688))

## Fixed

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Display retrieve source button ([PR #3697](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3697))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix to org browser to show retrieve source button for objects ([PR #3697](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3697))
```

> - Org browser folders no longer display items ([PR #3685](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3685))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix to org browser to nested items such as Email Templates, Dashboards, Documents and Reports. ([PR #3685](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3685))
```
